Spawn in Amy's room

Don't say that this person has a multi-personality disorder. 

AMY:
	Like cooking, favorite dish is Mac&Cheese

	Fan of Greek Mythology

	How she felt about Eddie.
		Portray Eddie as this bad bad guy.
		Reveal that Eddie is terrible, and he tries to eliminate me
			Eddie is dominating. I feel that he is trying to eliminate me
		But she is still sympathetic toward Edie. 
			I hope Eddie can live rather than me. Maybe he just want to live
			Also it's 
			But I don't want to just disappear. I hope Eddie can remember me, I hope when my friends come and find me, Eddie could at least tell them what had 				happen to me. 
			Narcissus had also agreed that we don't show this to Eddie early on. He need to figure out this by himself. 
			
		I can sense that my existence is really feeble. I guess this will be the last thing I will write on this diary, or any thing. Ha. 
		I love Mac & Cheese just as I love Narcissus. lol.
		I love Greek Mythology -- That's why I named him Eddie, that's also why after I heard David's story, I renamed him Narcissus. 
		I love Narcissus I want to see him again. But it might as well we just all disappear. It has been too painful since I also fell in love with David. We couldn't 		hug each other, we couldn't kiss each other, I can feel him, but I couldn't look at his lovely eye. 
		Eddie, carry my hope and live. And Narcissus, I hope that you can live too. 


AMY's 5th Diary Book:

Feb 27, 2017

I just finished reading the Story of Oedipus and Narcissus. Greek Mythologies are just SO heart wrenching! I was drenched in tear when I finished reading them! I ordered a poster of the Kind Oedipus, and I will hang it next to my table. I got to told David about these two stories!

D: Thank you for your recommendation! I have read them too, and I feel relatable to Narcissus in a way...



MAR 3, 2017

David has confessed to me in letter! I don't know what to do about it! I mean... we are so close and so far away from each other. I liked him... But it is really hard for me to fall in love with him. After all... Ah! Let's just not thinking about it too much right now...



Apr 17, 2017

David has been so nice to me... I felt guilty for not responding to him... BTW out of my bad sense of humor, I guess I will call David Narcissus from now on haha......



Apr 23, 2017

Okay... I couldn't keep shying away from him anymore. He is the only one who shares this bizzare experience with me, and he is the only intimate person that I could trust. I don't know what has yet to come, but I guess no other guy knows me so well as he does... I will confess to him about it tomorrow in the letter! 



Apr 25, 2017

I received his letter! He is just SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Cute! 



Apr 28, 2017

But I could not touch him, I could not look into his eyes. I could not hug him. Whenever he is around, I couldn't be around. It should not be like this at all. I want to touch him. I want to see him. I want to hold his hand. I might get too excited today...I am not feeling too well now...



Apr 29, 2017

I don't know how to describe it, but I had a funny feeling that we will have another "family member"! I am not sure that I am ready for this. Because of David, I am quite depressed in the past couple of days. 

// get rid of Family member, change to Eddie



Apr 30, 2017

I can sense that my existence is getting weaker. Part of this is because of my depression, but another big contributor is this new "family member". I don't know what kind of person he/she is... But falling in love with David is painful. I should have foresee that. 




May 23, 2017

This "family member", let's call him Eddie... I can sense his domination over me... I mean... I don't mind giving my place to him. It might be easier on me. And it would be easier on all of us. 



Jun 6, 2017

I don't know what Eddie will do to David, but I couldn't take it anymore. It was a mistake to fall in love with David. But I still love hi









Information: Letter in Oedipus's book from David to Amy
	     Book about Greek Mythology
	     Creey drawing of Eddies
	     Letter to David 
	     Picture
	     










David's room:


















                         
	
	
		
		
AMY's room:
		
	put a picture of King-Oedipus in the room
	
	Girl's room

	Amy's diary

	Picture of Amy, in girl's dress

	friege -- Remove Cheese and macaroni

	David's love letter to her

	Amy's label somewhere


AMY's room Question:

	What is under Mac&Cheese?
	Who are you?


David:
	Love Amy
	How David feel about 
		



	

	

	

	

	

	
